Add account linking documentation (#73)
terramate-io/terramate-docs: cli/automation/gitlab-ci/index.md

Terramate integrates seamlessly with GitLab CI to automate and orchestrate IaC tools like Terraform and OpenTofu.

::: info

> To associate deployments triggered in GitLab CI/CD with your Terramate Cloud user, connect your GitLab user to your Terramate Cloud account. Learn to link your accounts in the [account linking](../profile/account-linking.md) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To associate deployments triggered in GitLab CI/CD with your Terramate Cloud user, connect your GitLab user to your Terramate Cloud account. Learn to link your accounts in the [account linking](../../cloud/profile/account-linking.md) documentation.
```

Terramate integrates seamlessly with GitLab CI to automate and orchestrate IaC tools like Terraform and OpenTofu.

::: info

> For Terramate Cloud to associate deployments triggered in GitLab CI/CD with
> your Terramate Cloud user, you must connect your GitLab user to your Terramate Cloud account. Learn more about how to link your accounts with Terramate Cloud in the
> [account linking](../profile/account-linking.md) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To associate deployments triggered in GitHub Actions with your Terramate Cloud user, connect your GitHub user to your Terramate Cloud account. Learn to link your accounts in the [account linking](../profile/account-linking.md) documentation.
```

> To enable the workflow to authenticate to the cloud provider (in this example, Google Cloud) using OIDC, configure the `id_tokens` attribute in the GitLab CI workflow.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the `id_tokens` attribute in the GitLab CI workflow to enable authentication to the cloud provider (in this example, Google Cloud) using OIDC.

```
